Add Discord Music bot client by KGT1 (#540)
jellyfin/jellyfin-docs: general/clients/index.md

**Links:**

- [GitHub](https://github.com/patrickkfkan/volumio-jellyfin)

## Discord

### Discord Music Bot

> A Discord bot, that allows you to play your Jellyfin music library in your Discord voice channels

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A Discord bot that allows playing your Jellyfin music library in Discord voice channels.
```
